# Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## 0.3.1 - 2020-07-19
### Added
- Support for 'Wikimedia' as a known provider.

## 0.3.0 - 2020-07-03
### Added
- Documentation that TokenResponse guard must come before Cookies
### Changed
- More specific log message when the state cookie is missing or
  inaccessible
- Provider names are now case-insensitive, matching the documentation

## 0.3.0-rc.1 - 2020-06-15
### Added
- Log messages help pinpoint which part of the token exchange failed
- The `redirect_uri` is now optional
### Changed
- Removed the `A` type parameter from `OAuth2::fairing()`.
  To use a custom `Adapter`, use `OAuth2::custom()`.
- Removed the `Callback` trait. Callbacks are now implemented
  as regular routes that use the `TokenResponse` request guard.
- `OAuth2` is no longer placed in managed state. Instead, `OAuth2`
  implements `FromRequest`.
- `HyperSyncRustlsAdapter` is exported from the crate root instead
  of from a submodule.
### Removed
- Removed the automatic creation of login routes. Instead,
  `get_redirect()` can be called from a user-defined login route.

## 0.2.0 - 2020-04-11
### Added
- More complete documentation and examples of custom Provider usage

## 0.2.0-rc.1 - 2019-10-27
### Added
- Refresh tokens can be exchanged using `OAuth2::refresh()`

### Changed
- Restructured error handling in `Adapter`s.
- Removed the `A` type parameter from `OAuth2`.
- `TokenResponse` is redesigned and no longer uses `serde_derive`.
  Fields have been converted to methods, and `.as_value()` replaces
  the functionality of `.extras`.
- `Provider` is now a trait, allowing for dynamically determined `Provider`s.
- `Adapter` is now only responsible for *conveying* state in
  `authorization_uri()`; state is generated by the library itself.
- Added (direct) dependencies on 'ring' (0.13) and 'base64' (0.10); removed
  'rand' dependency

## 0.1.0 - 2019-10-01
### Added
- CHANGELOG.md.
- Support for 'Microsoft' (v2.0) as a known Provider and an example.
- A 'scope' can be specificied in the authorization callback as a
  fallback in case it is not present in the token response. This is
  the case with Strava, for example.
- Types derive more of the traits in `std`, such as `Clone` and `Debug`.

### Changed
- Update 'rand' dependency to 0.7.
- Update 'url' dependency to 2.1.

## 0.0.5 - 2018-12-06
